The community needs a common platform to build bots on top of BOT Framework or any framework that can be added in the future to General Bots. People will need to create lots of custom personal assistants crossing entities like bots, knowledge, personality, branding, style. But now they only have frameworks that allow the bot creation but with no AI ecosystem in mind. Industry has proven to be a good ground for starting Robotic Process Automation through bots, but often lack of specialized hand-word and does not see as forecast to a digital transformation anchor.
This platform is proposed to be the one in terms of democratizing the community through bot building. It's community driven and has a lot to offer as a quick start to the bot automation world primarily based on Microsoft platform.  So people who does not know how to program can start a new bot from Excel, Word, OneNote, or any piece of information. The package system is the base for the Marketplace which currently offer knowledge, themes, bots and custom bot UIs and can offer several classes of packages which compounds the entire AI body.
Using Azure and Cognitive Services we have created a community for General Bots which allow anyone to build their bot by using common tools like Excel and Photoshop. The administration is done by conversation and packages are easily deployed and maintained. 
The adoption is much like SharePoint. When someone needs a site, they create a New Site. General Bots can do the same just copying and pasting some files in Windows Explorer.
The community builds packages using TypeScript (currently) and Python (future) and publish it through General Bots store and share the core through all vendors. A sample .gbapp package for Azure Active Directory Reset password is provided at https://github.com/pragmatismo-io/AzureADPasswordReset.gbapp.